Strategy for sorting short number sets,Strategy for sorting long sets,Strategy of using blue star (merge) for purple diamond (sort),Blue star strategy 1 vs. blue star strategy 2
c1_0s7U632LpQ,"I don't think I'm using the right strategy because I'm taking too many moves. I try comparing each with the highest, then if it's lower with the lowest. then I compare it with a middle weight if still uncertain, then advance up or down the row accordingly.","I did not have a strategy, as you can tell by my performance. I just worked from one end, comparing with the next in line. I just dragged them into place, comparing with high and low ends, and then a middle weighted item, trying to narrow it down without having to compare every item to every other item.","I think I learned nothing except to stop getting confused over low and high, left and right, and trying to work quickly since I kept running out of time.",probably strategy 2 if it means comparing items 1 at a time. i didn't know it was possible to compare items in bulk. i don't think i understood how to strategize and used the most time consuming method of comparing 1 at a time.
c1_31G7B0xL8R,I weighed the pairs and separated the smaller fruits from the heavier ones.  Then compared the smaller fruits from each other along with the heavier ones.  Then I went down the row to check if it was light to heavy.  ,I compared the pairs of the larger ones and separated them into another pairs.  I merged the pairs and compared their weights from left to right.  I went down the row to check their weights accordingly.,For the blue star operator I arranged the light to the heaviest and grouped them together.  I weighed each one in a row.,The strategy 2 is the one that I used to group them and weigh them one at a time to find out their weights.  That's what I was doing.  Then I put them in order.  I did try the strategy 1 a bit but that confused me.  I felt strategy 2 was better even though I didn't do too well but I put the effort into it. 
c1_3F10VK6oP7,Finding the least heaviest first then the heaviest. From there I would choose a random letter and go from that one,I would choose the first fruit and the heaviest. Then find the fruits that that a smaller than the first fruit and then heavier than the first fruit. Then arrange from there,I would choose the first fruit and the heaviest. Then find the fruits that that a smaller than the first fruit and then heavier than the first fruit. Then arrange from there,Strategy 2 most compliment the application I used
c1_3p428XH0kR,I compared using the scale. I then arranged the 2 apples I compared. I would go through all the pairs. Then I would start the process over again from the left.,"I used the same strategy. I compared using the scale as quickly as I could. It was not efficient, but I think with enough time, I would get the correct order.","I do not think I learned much other than to use the scale. I was worried about running out of time, I never focused on a certain order.","I think my strategy was closest to 1. My strategy was simpler. Towards the end, my strategy kind of got jumbled."
c1_5hS9Y74E0j,I weighed two fruits against each other then continued down the line until I had them in order by weight from least to most,"I weighed two fruits against each other then I weighed a few others to put them in order, I tried not to weigh each fruit against each fruit","I didn't, I'm sad to say that I felt rushed in the star section and missed the mark completely I think","I didn't, I was confused and felt rushed and a bit dumb during the star section"
c1_78p53UEdm9,"I tested alphabetically, placing the lightest on the left and working my way down.","I used the same strategy, testing from A and working down the line.",I did not use info from blue star.,I found blue star very confusing and it didn't help me. Strategy 2 is closer to what I did.
c1_8q72Bp3J6s,You have to go basically one by one ( in pairs ) to set apples from lowest to highest. ,"Same thing - You have to check all ( in pairs ) in terms which one is lower and which one is higher. I like to group them in two rows and every new apple compare to first ""lower"" row and then ""higher"" row. Not sure if that will make sense to You...",It was the blue star that gave me the idea of grouping apples into two rows ( lower and higher ). Not sure it that's how I was supposed to do it or not...,"Not sure if I understand, but I think my strategy was closer to Strategy 1"
c1_94r8J0bD6i,"Compare A & B.  Then compare B & C.  Then compare D to the middle weight of A,B,C.  Then compare D to either A or B depending on how previous comparison turned out.  Then compare E to the middle weight to decide if it is in heavier or lighter half, and then to the middle weight of the half, and continue on this way.","Same strategy as smaller pile.  Compare a new fruit to the center weight of the sorted list to decide if it is in lighter or heavier half of the list so far.  Then compare the new fruit to the center of that half-list, and continue on until the new fruit is ordered.  Continue on with next letter of the alphabet. ",I certainly did not try to memorize the letter/weight combinations for any fruit type.  But did start using strategy of comparing a new fruit-letter to the central  weight of currently ordered list ,"I think Strategy 2, although I'm not confident I understand your graphics."
c1_Hl04BI689e,"I tried to find the first letter, and then go from there. I used the fruits to keep a visual reminder of what the positions were.","I used the first two fruits to establish a baseline and go from there. If I found the second fruit was greater than another than i'd do a new comparison. I'd compare the letter that I believed was the first to the latest letter compared, and then switched the positions if it was lower.","I'd compare the lightest letter in the left box to the ones in the right. If it was less than all of the ones on the right than i'd start again with the next letter in the left box. If it was greater than one of the ones on the right, i'd start comparing the letter in the right box to the ones in the left. I tried to use a similar idea with the purple diamond. I tried to establish a baseline of what I believed to be the lighest, and then start comparing from there.",I think strategy two was the closest one. 
c1_J4895SlVP2,I compared the weight of the fruits in the given order and made changes accordingly. I was sometimes confused though and not sure that I always answered correctly. I could not always fill out the bottom row as I  often ran out of time. ,"I used the same technique. I compared the weight of the fruits and arranged and re-arranged as per my findings from the calculations. As this was too long, it was all the more confusing and sometimes frustrating. Again, I was not always able to fill out the answer row at the bottom. But still I tried my best an","I simply arranged the fruits in increasing order. I didn't get any help from the BLUE STAR operator. Or maybe I missed something. If I did, I'm sure it was too hard to notice as I paid full attention while completing the task. ","As I mentioned before, I didn't learn anything specifically from the BLUE STAR operator other than that the fruits are to be arranged in the increasing order of their weight. As I did not use the strategy, I cannot answer this question to be honest. I'm sorry but there was"
c1_S1945Oafk3,"I tried to do if then statements, which didn't work too well.  I put the first heavy on one end and then the same with the lighter ones.","I didn't understand how to do that, so I tried my own method.",I again grouped them my lightest to heaviest and then just skipped over each time.,I didn't understand all of that...the time was really limited.
c1_V95g72f1Hn,"I compared the weights starting from A and continued in alphabetical order until I found one lower in weight. At that point, I continued with the lower weighted fruit and repeated the process. ","I used a similar approach. I started with the letter A and continued in alphabetical order, replacing the letter being compared whenever I found a lower weight.",I did not learn any useful information to use when arranging fuits with the purple diamond.,Strategy 2 looks to be the closest to the strategy that I used.
c1_Z175kNVW63,"I strictly used the scales to figure it out, I didn't really pay attention to the letter patterns.  I would start this one by comparing A and D, then just go down the row popping fruit letters in and seeing where they fit.","For larger piles I would go in order down the line, but as my comparisons got more, i would start sort of in the middle of the fruits instead of at the end to try to keep guesses down.","I didn't use any information from the star to the diamond, the star one I felt like I didn't do well on and just guessed",I did not use information from one strategy to the next
c1_Z85f2ij30o,I tried to accomodate the first few letters and then the rest usually followed.,"I did the same as with the smaller piles, I would start with the first letter and kept on going until there was a order established.",I did not use much of the blue star operator for the purple diamond because I noticed that the first group of letters were not in a established order like the ones in the blue star therefore I decided to use my own way.,Strategy 2 is closest to my application of the blue star for the purple diamond. 
c1_d2V3X1O4C7,"Compare the first two, move if necessary, compare the second two, move as necessary, compare the new first two, etc. Keep moving fruits left and comparing until in correct order","Same as for smaller pile. Compare the first two, move if necessary, compare the second two, move as necessary, compare the new first two, etc. Keep moving fruits left and comparing until in correct order","I did basically the same thing with both, but don't feel blue star really taught me anything",Strategy 2
c1_n61ezq97v8,"I just had to compare each fruit as it came, to the last most heavy and then down the line.",As it got bigger it made more sense to compare them next in line to the heaviest and then the lightest first to cut down on comparison. ,"I didn't use it at all, because the purple diamond didn't seem to do anything at all sorting wise.","I didn't use any strategies to use in star to diamond, I just didn't see the connection because it seemed like diamond wasn't actually doing anything. "
c1_qa2dm965v1,I JUST CHECK THROUGH MESUREMENT AND THEN PUT IT ON DECENDING ORDER. BUT COULDN'T DO IT AND ITS REALLY FRUSTRATING.,As i said i just put for example A and C and see if it goes upward or downward and then decide where to put but first i see which apple alphabet doesn't go upward so i put it on last and according to these i decide,i didn't use much of the image shown this. I had put my idea and doing the task but i failed to do it.,i had applied strategy 2 but little different as i said i first choose the apple which doesn't match with other apple and put it in last and according to that i was doing
c1_rT59O24PE3,I would pick one letter and try and find all the fruits greater than and less than that fruit. I would systematically order them by this method. ,I would do the same thing. Just pick one letter at a time and find the fruits greater or less than it and order it that way. ,I did not ,I did not
c1_sk2xQ1c759,I have no idea.,I have no idea.,I didn't use any information from that.,I didn't use any information from that.
c1_x5P10Ie87D,My approach was to weigh each fruit and arrange them by weight,I arrange them by weight in small groups first and then together,I just used the way they are to be arranged,Strategy 2
