Strategy for sorting short number sets,Strategy for sorting long sets,Strategy of using blue star (merge) for purple diamond (sort),Blue star strategy 1 vs. blue star strategy 2
c3_1UX5nW64F9,I BASICALLY COMPARED PAIRS ONE AT A TIME TO FIND THEIR POSITION. ONCE I HAD THREE IN PLACE I TRIED COMPARING TO THE HIGH OR LOW END FIRST THEN THE MIDDLE AND WORKING MY WAY UP OR DOWN ACCORDINGLY. ,IT WAS THE SAME METHOD AS BEFORE. I FIRST ARRANGED THREE IN ORDER. THEN I COMPARED ONE TO THE HIGHEST OR LOWEST AND THEN MIDDLE IF NECESSARY AND WORKED MY WAY UP OR DOWN ACCORDINGLY. I'M SURE I WAS NOT VERY EFFICIENT. ,"I was not that smart I am afraid. I worked in pairs singly, and mostly did not think in groups I guess. other than to start high or low, then middle and work my way up or down. ","I would say strategy 2 was closest to my method because I worked on a single fruit at a time. if I had it to do over again I might do better, now that I think more about it. "
c3_2B63KR9f0O,"My approach would be to try and find the lightest or heaviest fruit first. So I would try A to D and move them according to their weight right or left. After I found one that was either the lightest or heaviest, I would move it into position and then try and find the next heaviest or lightest from the remaining fruit. It wass not always easy to arrange them exactly because you had to do a lot of moving around to see which was not as heavy as the others. By after I realized that it is not really important what the letter is (at first I was trying to do A, B, C) then it made it somewhat easier to try and arrange them by how they are listed in the box. That way I could easily move them right or left from their position as they were sitting at the beginning.","I didn't have a different strategy for larger piles, unfortunately. I tried to start on the left and see if it was the lightest or heaviest fruit. As I moved through the fruit, I moved them left or right until I found the lightest or heaviest. Once that was in position, I tried to do the same thing with the remaining fruit. I was not always successful because I could not determine a better strategy to find the lightest ones until I was able to eliminate some of the fruit from the line.",I did not use information I learned from the blue star operator because those were listed already in line from increasing in weight. I could not see how that would help me since I was not able to know which of the fruits were the heaviest until I tested them all against each other. ,"I do not understand that. I moved one at a time so I would imagine that I used strategy 2. When I did the blue star, I only saw boxes like strategy 1."
c3_38Cs0Oud15,I would weigh A & D and then sort them and then go one by one through the list comparing them to the other fruits and where they are left to right.,Same thing. I start with the first two fruits - E & I - weigh and sort them against each other and use them as a starting point for weighing and arranging the other fruits against them and the other fruits.,I would start out with smaller and easier chunks of information I guess.,I guess strategy 2? I'm not sure.
c3_417ro5Zn9j,STARTED FROM THE RIGHT and compared weights going to the left it seemed only one was out of weight,just tried to compare the weights going to the right to left,compared one fruit going to the left until found a spot for the fruit,1 by comparing from right to left
c3_4c7F903iDG,"First, I eventually switched to paper. I started with A and B, then A and C, etc. Then B and C, B and D, etc. Eventually, it all falls together. When I get down to my last letters, I compare them with something in the middle, then narrow down.","Same technique, only it takes much longer. Once I figure out, say, four or five in a row, it becomes easier to figure out where to place the next letter. ",The technique used for one didn't really translate to the other.,"Strategy 2 is closer, but not exact "
c3_6038DLM9UO,"Start with A, compare with all the rest, so I then know the position of A definitely. Then do the same with B. Then C etc. etc. ",Same approach as for smaller sample. I compare A with all the rest individually to get its known position. Then follow same procedure for B through J,Not sure I understand the question but.... I just decided which of the melons was lightest and chose that one.,Strategy 1
c3_63Yx1tc84m,By comparing the weight of each I take the lowest weight to highest rate in that order to fill ,by taking each weight and comparing loading the lowest weight first to highest ,by comparing the weight of the first one of each first to determine which goes in first,Strategy 2
c3_6580PnRI4f,The smallest fruits need to be on the left and the heavier fruits go on the right in increasing weights.,"There are a lot of comparisons to make to have the lighter fruits on the left and the heavier fruits on the left, increasing weights left to right.",Comparing the weights on the star to see which ones were heavier.,Strategy 1 is closer to my application with the increase in weights to the left.
c3_73irj8mB52,COMPARE C TO B AND SELECT THE LIGHTER OF THE 2 THEN DEQUENTIALLY MOVE TO THE LEFT AND RIGHT AND FRUITS ARE REMOVED,SAME APPROACH. START IN THE MIDDLE AND COMPARE THEN MOVE SEQUENTIALLY AS FRUITS ARE REMOVED,IT WASN'T PARTICULARLY HELPFUL,STRATEGY 1
c3_74106iXRLW,"I first compare the fruit on the left to all of the subsequent fruits until it is less than one of them in weight. Them I start with that one and compare to all subsequent, until one of them is clearly the heaviest. Once I've identified that, I try to compare middle-weight fruits to determine the correct order of them. If I sense a pattern, I don't necessarily weigh/compare all, in the interest of moving quickly. ","I do the same as before, starting comparing left to right until I identify the heaviest and arrange it in the scratch box. With larger groups, I tend to look for more patterns and less comparison.","I compared the heaviest in one box with the heaviest from another, since they're already partially sorted. Once I've gotten the heaviest, I just keep inserting one box in comparison to the other to identify how their weights stack up and once I've got them all from one box, I know the order of the others based on the crate they're already in.","Hm, I guess strategy 1, since this was more in line with the way I was working.  I would compare the smaller box with the fruit in the larger box, to determine where they fit between the larger box in weight and then use the composition of the first crate to fill out my answer. "
c3_7E01lj39Kg,I weighed each letter against each other and went through each letter to make sure each was in the correct place based on the weight.,I used the same strategy throughout the entire process.,I used the same strategy throughout the entire process. I would weigh each piece of fruit to really be sure about which order they should be in.,I used a strategy similar to strategy 2 and it worked very well throughout the whole experiment.
c3_7K34I26GvD,I think it should start weighing many pairs until it finds the solution.,I don't think there is a different approach.,"I am not sure, I would compare A and F and then decide.",I don't think I understand these strategies.
c3_Hn28XIP453,wEIGHT EM LEFT TO RIGHT.. MOVING THE ONES THAT ARE OUT OF ORDER UNTIL THEY SEEM TO BE RIGHT,sAME APPROACH. sTART ON THE LEFT.. WEIGHT EACH PAIR UNTIL FINDING ONE OUT OF ORDER.. MOVE EM AND CONTINUE,i WAS SO CONFUSED THAT i JUST WEIGHED AND WENT. i DONT UNDERSTAND HOW i WAS SUPPOSED TO USE WHAT i LEARNED,I didnt have any idea how to do this. I was just weighing and hoping I was getting it right
c3_Hrk547Y9O8,FIRST ARRANGE THE SMALL FRUITS AND FILL THE DIAMOND,ARRANGE THE LARGE FIRST AND THEN FILL THE SMALL ,IT IS EASY TO ARRANGE THE FRUITS AND IT DEPENDS ON WEIGHT,STRATEGY 1 IS VERY CLOSE TO THE BLUE STAR AND IT IS VERY FAST FILLTHE FRUITS.
c3_Jrtg9L1746,"I would start with the first and second letters, find which is greater, then compare the other letters to those two letters and the ones in between those.","I would start with the first two letters and compare those, then find a letter in the center and use that one to compare as well. I would compare three numbers and then work my way outwards.",I would compare the first two letters from each group and then compare the first one in each group to the last one in each group.,Strategy one is closest to the one that I used.
c3_T1857UOf0Q,I'd start with one fruit A and compare it to each of the others finding whether it was greater or larger and then keep comparing it until I knew which were heavier and lighter and then start comparing each of those heavier and lighter to one another finding the order slowly eliminating each one once I know it was heavier or lighter than all the others.,I again test one against another finding one that is consistently lighter or heavier and match it against every other one to get the heaviest or lightest fruit and slowly measure each one against the others eliminating them once I know how it relates to each of the others.,I started measuring the heaviest fruit in the first box against the lightest fruit in the second box to determine where the heaviest fruit fit into the other box and then order the fruit from there.,Strategy 2 is closer to how I worked trying to compare each fruit to be sure of it's placement.
c3_bx2KfC5760,Since the blue star had two sets I needed to find the breaking point on the purple diamond and decide which group was the one that was lighter and which was heavier. I'm afraid I got confused on the order however and I might have gotten them backwards.,It would have been the same approach I just needed to find the point where the two groups split and which one was the lighter group.,I did use the blue star by finding the breaking point on the purple diamond I was able to order them using the blue star method.,Strategy 1
c3_gl204m5h6x,"I just kept comparing fruits to the middle fruit first, and placing them one by one.  I learned a method one time that seemed super easy, but could never duplicate it.","I used the same process as the previous question.  One by one, placing as I went. I didn't notice  difference.  (I feel a bit clueless)","I can't really remember what I learned from the blue star, except that it was easier.  I could not translate that to the purple diamond.",I would say straegy 2
c3_uL1X7j9H56,"I attempt to find the smallest and largest weight first, then try to establish a middle weight and divide the rest around that weight. So I try to establish two piles - small and large - and arrange those piles.","I do not try to find the smallest and largest first - instead, I try as quickly as possible to find a middle, and arrange around it so that I have a small and large pile and can arrange those two piles by weight.",I did not determine a way that the blue star operator helped with the purple diamond (something tells me it would have been easier if I had).,N/A - I did not determine a way to apply the blue star knowledge to the purple diamond operator.
c3_z3978lGT0B,I compared each and every letter with the other to attain the result.,same as before I compared each and every fruit with other letter fruit.,compare all the fruits with each other to attian the result.,I compared each pairs individually and compared with both pairs of each fruit to get the results.
