Strategy for sorting short number sets,Strategy for sorting long sets,Strategy of using blue star (merge) for purple diamond (sort),Blue star strategy 1 vs. blue star strategy 2
c4_05r94KjQW7,"I would start with two, find the lighter of the two. Then I would go down the line and compare them with the lightest one and keep descending down until I found where it was lighter than the next one. For example if A and D compared and A was lighter than D, I would do A, D. Then I would compare C with A and if it were lighter, I'd put it in front and move on to B and then compare B with C, if C was heavier I'd then compare it with A, etc.","I would do the same method that I described in the last one. I would start with the first two. E, I. Put the lighter one in front. If it were I, E. I would compare H with I and if H was heavier, I'd then compare it with E to see if it were lighter or heavier. If it were heavier, I'd put it behind E and then move to the next letter and keep doing the same method. ",I didn't use anything that I learned in that method to come up with the method that I used with the purple diamond. I found the blue star task more confusing than the purple diamond task,"Again, I did not use the strategies learned from the blue star method in the purple diamond tasks. I found my method that I used easier."
c4_0HMl1F4y76,"I compared A with the rest, then B with the rest except A, and so on. I noted which measured more than others and arranged them in increasing order. That's how I reached to a conclusion.","I used the same approach. I couldn't figure out any other way. Unfortunately, more often than not, I ran out of time.","To be honest, I couldn't figure out what role did the BLUE STAR played. I used the same tactic as before to arrange the fruits.","As mentioned before, I couldn't figure out what role did the BLUE STAR played. But I think that STRATEGY 1 is probably the correct answer in this case."
c4_2g0iRkb831,"i weight everything against each other like ad,ac, ab, af, ae. then dc, db,df, de, etc until i have everything weighed in order. ","I do the same exact thing. but if i find an item is certainly heaviest or lightest, i go ahead and put them into place",i really really struggled with this and is where i hit mental fatigue. still the same method but there were too many working parts after all the other puzzles,"again, i used the whole strategy without. the last few i just couldnt really think straight anymore. strategy 2 wouldve been closest though"
c4_3d6H2S4B7X,"I start to the left and compare A and D, then put the heaviest first. I then continue doing that down the line and occasionally compare a later fruit with an earlier one to make sure the placement is right. I then input them at the end backwards, since it's easier for me to go from heaviest to lightest left to right while solving it. ",I start at the left and work my way right. I start by comparing each fruit and placing whichever one is heaviest to the left. I do that all of the way down. I then will check ones that are to the right to compare them to the ones to the left to make sure I have my placement correct. I then input the solution backwards since I go from heaviest to lightest while solving. ,I didn't use it. I found this portion confusing and wasn't sure what I was doing incorrectly. ,I didn't use any strategies from it as I didn't understand it at all. It just confused me on what I was supposed to be doing honestly. 
c4_5CiK93T2N8,I compared two fruits to get a high and low and then compared the others based off of that. I tried to find the middle as soon as possible.,I did the same as before. I compared two to find a high and low and then tried to find the middle.,I had no idea what was going on with this task. I couldn't figure out what I was supposed to do.,I guess strategy two looks most like what I was doing.
c4_5Wa0p61MF4,I started with the first letter and compared its weight to all the other letters to get started. Then I eliminated any letters that I could by placing them in the correct spot. Then I went with the next letter and compared its weight to each of the remaining letters. I continued this until there were no fruits left.,I used the same approach for the larger pile of fruits that I described on the previous question. I just made sure to keep moving and not take any breaks so that I had time to complete the task.,I did not learn any useful information from the blue star operator that I used in arranging fruits with the purple diamond operator.,I did not use either strategy outlined in the diagrams.
c4_74yU39sA0V,I think that a purple diamond meant that there is a sequence of fruits (letters) increasing or decreasing. I tried to find my solution by rearranging fruits and comparing their weight. But it was difficult and I felt under a time pressure. ,"I used the same approach, I used mostly the scale to compare weight and find out the correct solution.","I am not sure if I learned how the purple diamond or the blue star worked. As I said before, I felt like the time was too short to ""digest"" all the information I had. ",Strategy 2 probably. 
c4_7dEOM324r5,"I begin by comparing two letters and then sorting them. I then choose another letter and compare it to the previously two known sorted letters. I choose a fourth and compare it to each sorted letter on the end (i.e. the lightest and the heaviest). I continue with each additional apple, starting with the lowest and highest. Then I will choose a letter in the middle to essentially cut my choices in half. Then I will shoot in the middle of the remaining half and continue comparing until I can sort everything properly.","I essentially use the same procedure as previously described. I would compare E and I and sort them. Then I would take H and compare it to both E and I and sort again. Then I start comparing each additional apple to the lowest and highest weights. If it lies in between somewhere, I will compare it with the middle fruit in the sorted pile. This tells me if I need to concentrate on the fruits on the left or the fruits on the right for ongoing comparison and sorting.","I honestly did not see the correlation between the two, so I did not use that information when sorting with the purple diamond.",I would say that strategy 2 is closest to my own application.
c4_93u6A5wLQ8,I kept measuring till I had smallest to largest.,I just kept measuring against each other til I had what I thought was the correct order.,I did just used the measurement to make my decision.,I dont think these strategies helped.  They were more confusing then helpful.
c4_Ix84Ev3Y51,Find the relative weights for a random group of 3 fruits. then compare the next fruit to the middle fruit and decide if to left or right. Establish how far to left or right for the fruits that have been sampled. Continue in that fashion until all fruits are exhausted,Just keep making guesses and trying to remember the relative values. Was not fully in tune with the different approaches of the colored shapes,"Did not consciously use what I learned, but did become more methodical after getting the bit of coaching",I was closer to Strategy 2
c4_JqSI9B1203,I started with comparing with A and B.  I put those two in order.  Then I go to next aphabetical fruit and compare to fruits from heaviest to lightest known fruit in order until I find a fruit it is heavier than.  I repeat the previous steps with each fruit.,I compare fruits A and B.  I arrange them from heaviest to lightest.  Then I take the next aphabetical fruit and compared it starting with the heaviest unit I find a fruit that it is heavier than.  I repeat the previous steps with each fruit.,I compared the lightest fruit in one box with the lightest fruit in the other box.  Then I proceed to with next lightest fruit in order to determine which one is the heaviest.  I compare the lightest to the heaviest in each box.,Strategy 2 would be the closest to the my application.  I compared the individual weights of box 2 to the weights of box 1 to see where it fit in the wight order of box 1.
c4_QDHw20N867,"i COMPAREDX THE WEIGHTS, TRYING TO FIND THE LOWEST. aS EACH PAIR GAVE ME THE RESULT i WOULD NARROW DOWN BY KEEPING THE LOWEST AND MOVING ON. SORT OF TOURNAMENT STYLE.",SAME AS FOR THE SMALLER PILE. FOCUS ON FINDING THE EXTREMES AND WORK DOWN FROM THERE.,i DIDN'T REALLY. I messed up with the blue star because I was thinking like I was for the purple diamond. instead of comparing left and right against each other.,I'd say strategy 1 was what I used but I should've done 2 for more efficient results.
c4_R04EL96vH1,"I checked the weight of the first two and whichever one weighed more I went on to check the weight of that against others, until I got to the end and then went backward checking the weights to see where they go.",I did the same thing. I started at the beginning checking the weights and took the heavier one and moved down the line. THe right side at the end is where I started backward,It helped me learn how to appropriate the weight and adjust my opinion accordingly. ,I used strategy 1.
c4_Un250a8T9j,This was a very difficult task due to the amount of time it takes to compare weights. Impossible to finish in time given. Very stressed during the whole process.,Comparing weights from lightest to the heaviest start with the first two then comparing weights through out the order. Very difficult. Found no short cuts to speed process. Timer always ran out .,It maybe my inability to understand the task properly but it seemed to be fairly simple in the explanation but impractical in actual use of method. Totally frustrating. Began to lose confidence and wonder if i was wasting my time.  ,I can understand the strategy but the tools to implement the strategy is clumsy and awkward. Making ever task grueling and painful to complete.
c4_V469J2Sc3a,THE PURPLE DIAMOND BREAKS THE FRUITS INTO TWO GROUPS AND ARRANGES THE GROUPS ACCORDING TO INCREASING WEIGHT,"I COMPARE EACH FRUIT ACCORDING TO WEIGHT THEN DRAG THE FRUITS IN ORDER FROM LOWEST TO HIGHEST WEIGHT, COMPARING AGAINST EACH OTHER AS I GO ALONG",I BROKE THEM DOWN INTO TWO GROUPS ACCPRDING TO WEIGHT THEN WEIGHED THE GROUPS AGAINST EACH OTHER TO DETERMINE THE ORDER OF THE WHOLE GROUP,sTRATEGY 2 IS CLOSER TO THE WAY i DID IT BECAUSE I MOVED TOWARD A PROGRESSION TOWARD THE TOTAL COMPARISON FOR THE ENTIRE POPULATION OF FRUIT
c4_c02fYEV645,"I started with A and then compared it to the next letter until A was the lower weight. Then I selected that new letter in the left hand side & compared it going forward through alphabet, until I got most weight to least weight.","As in the similar tasks, I started with A, comparing it down the alphabet, until a larger letter appeared. Then, I put that larger letter in the left hand side and continued comparing it down the alphabet line.","I kept the same tactics for both. Even though it took me a lot longer, I still got the same, hopefully correct, result. I started with the letter 'A' on the left of the weight scaled and then proceeded to weigh it against the next letter in the alphabet and so on, until the right hand side had a larger letter. I then moved that letter to the left hand side of the scale and proceeded to compare it, continuing on into the alphabet. That got me my heaviest letter. I then worked my way backwards.",I used the same strategy for all of these tasks.
c4_l1h90Z7V5P,"I started the comparisons with A & B always. After seeing which one was larger or smaller, I moved the A and B on the screen in the correct order, making sure to put a lot of space on the screen between them. Then, I moved to compare A & C, A & E, A & F, etc. After that, I moved to the next letter, which would be B. So, I would compare B & A, then B & C, etc. I did this with the hope of beating the timer to go through each of them this way. Unfortunately, there wasn't enough time for me to always match everything. Maybe that's just me, and others did it faster than me? :(  I struggled with the survey a lot.","A and B, then A and C, A & D, A & E, and so on. After going through A with everything, I then moved on to B by comparing b & A, then B & C, B & D, etc. As with all of the tasks, I struggled greatly due to needing more time since the timers were so short. Maybe there was a better strategy, but I had so little time to think about the only one I knew, much less enough time to try to find other approaches.",The only thing I could figure out how to compare on stars was to look at the the two answer options at the bottom of the page and then choose the last two numbers of each answer option. I didn't really use much of anything in the  blue star that was helpful for me with the other one :( ,"I'm disappointed in myself, because neither of the two strategies you've shared here matched with my strategy. I didn't feel I had enough time to think about your strategies because I had to try to work so quickly and didn't get to do as well as I would have liked to because of that. "
c4_p98W7z6q3y,"Comparing each fruit one by one from smaller to greater. If one fruit is smaller then, compare it with the first smaller one and compare each fruit.",The same way but comparing two or three steps from back to forth.,"Up to the blue star, all the fruits are arranged left are in the increasing order and the right side to be compared and arranged on the right order. But it was not useful in the below level.",Strategy 2 is more closely applied to my arrangment.
c4_xrC976fn38,"I started measuring the weights and rearranging them. Then as the weights got closer, I just kept comparing them with the two closest I had determined so far. ","I tried to find the lightest first, then compare that to each other and move up the chain to the heaviest. ","I compared the second set on these, as the first was determined. I compared the first two, and then compared each to the lightest and the heaviest to sort them. ","Strategy 2 is closer, as I did compare one by one. "
