Strategy for sorting short number sets,Strategy for sorting long sets,Strategy of using blue star (merge) for purple diamond (sort),Blue star strategy 1 vs. blue star strategy 2
c2_01T2J9k6qN,compare two fruits and put the heavier one to the right.  I would compare a new fruit to each of the previous ones until i found where it fit. I would keep doing this for each new fruit,I used the same approach. Compare two fruits and move the heavier one to the right. Take a new fruit and compare it to the other fruits until it fit somewhere. After i had them all arranged i would check to make sure they were in the right order by taking the lightest fruit and making sure it was lighter than the one ahead of it. If it all checked out than it was good to go.,I don't really get the question but like the blue star example i was comparing 2 fruits,I think strategy 2 is more similar.
c2_15m80tlek2,"I pick two fruits at random and compare their weights. This gives me their order. Then I pick another fruit at random and compare it to the lightest weight fruit. This gives me its position. I then move on to the 4th fruit and compare its weight to the lightest fruit. If it's lighter, I've found its position (1st). If it's heavier I go down the line comparing weight until I find where it goes and the same for each remaining fruit.",Same strategy. Start with two fruits and compare. Then pick a fruit and compare its weight to the first fruit and go down the line similarly to position each fruit in term. It's tedious but it works.,I didn't really. I followed the policy I described in the same way regardless.,"I'm confused by this question but I used strategy two, a one-by-one comparison."
c2_4507PEjri6,"compare a to b, if a is less than b then compare to c and keep going to the end. If a is greater than the one comparing to then the new fruit is the lowest and keep comparing to the end to find the lowest weight. When you get to the end then compare the next lowest to the rest and","I do the same way as the smaller batch. start with a and then compare to b and keep going until I find one smaller than a, when that happens then the new fruit is the lowest and I keep going down the line comparing to find one lower. when there is a lower one I switch out and keep going down the line until the end. I remember which ones are larger and pick the next lowest weight and start comparing that to ones above it until i find the next lowest and keep the process going until the end","I learned in the blue star to compare each of the fruits to each other finding the lowest weight one and then working up from there. so compare a to b then to c then to d as switching if the next fruit is lower in weight. so if c is lower than a I would do a to b, a to c, then c to d and keep that process up until I find the lowest. it was the same method as the purple diamond group",strategy 2 because I compare each fruit to another
c2_4ZM90Er6Y3,Empty,A,Empty,Empty
c2_56Hx0iAD82,I tried to way by comparing them down the line with A versus all to see if it was higher and lower than anyone. The lowest one remains until one was higher. Then I compared the higher ones and found an order. ,I did the same by comparing pairs next to one another and doing a process of elimination with the lower one going through until it was higher than another. ,I did not use anything that I learned as I just went by comparing them as usual,I used the comparing one from one side to the other until I found the heaviest.
c2_5Vib8123Su,"I compare A to each one individually B through F to figure out where it goes. Once one is heavier I stop comparing A and replace it with the heavier one. If C was heavier than A then my next comparison is C vs D. I keep doing this until I find the heaviest, then I go through and do it again and keep doing that.","I use the same strategy. I compare A to every letter from B to J. But, when I find something heavier than A, I replace it and continue with that one until I find the heaviest. Then I continue the process with the next heaviest fruit and align them in increasing weight from left to right.",I didn't learn much as it was pretty convoluted. I just kept doing the same strategy of finding the heaviest of the whole set and repeating.,"Strategy 2 is much loser to what I did, individually separating them."
c2_6S018OEB4a,"Compare A to D, then A to C and D to C.  Arrange L to R the lightest to heaviest.  Compare B to A, D, C, place it appropriately.  Continue with F and E.","I use the same method as the small pile.  Compare the first and second, arrange light to heavy.  Compare the 3rd with the first and second, place again lightest to heaviest, and continue down the line in this fashion. ","Mmm, not sure I did learn anything from the blue star operator.  I just did the best I could with the comparing of each fruit against the others.",I suppose it would be strategy 1.
c2_7kC049Otw1,"I just go one by one from each letter rearranging the set according to which weighs more. First compare A to all of them, then B, then C, etc.","I do the same thing, didn't really do anything different",The blue thing didn't teach me anything for the purple one I think,I don't think I learned much since from what I understood the blue one unloads one by one or something
c2_96lSE304IO,"Weighing and weighing and moving and moving. Crying, whining, and then guessing some.",Weighing and moving.,I didn't.,I didn't.
c2_FB45Ue97W2,I compared two letters and tried to find the one that weighed the most and continued finding the ones that weighed less in the process.,I tried finding the heaviest and lightest while also finding the ones in the middle at the same time.,I took the letter from the left and compared it to the right int he beginning in order to try to find which one was heaviest.,Strategy 2 is closest to what I used.
c2_K16O5MLF97,I tried to start with weighing a to b and moving down the alphabet and then placed them in order. I messed up and went backwards at first and got some wrong. it was not the most efficient way but I dont know a better way so I went with it.,I tried comparing them alphabetically and used process of elimination to try to see which was heavier.,I really did not learn much from the blue star or the purple diamond for how they actually did their job so I did the best I could.,strategy 2 is closer to what I used
c2_Pi781L4Z9J,"I compared the first two unordered fruits in the line. Then put them in order below the pile. Then I compared the next unordered fruit in line to one of the ordered fruits. I tried to compare the new fruits to fruits that were in the middle of my ordered fruits, but since it was timed I also went with whatever was fastest to input. Then at the end I usually double checked my answers weighing all the fruits in line.",I used the same approach. I compared the first two unordered fruits and then put them in order below the pile. Then I would figure out where the next fruit went compared to my other ordered fruits. I tried to compare the unordered fruit with fruits in the middle of my ordered fruits to go faster. ,I don't think I used any techniques from blue star. ,I think it would be strategy 2 because I weighed individual unordered fruits in comparison to my list of ordered fruits. 
c2_R9Y4527jBg,At first I was comparing to the heaviest but that took too long and I ran out of time so then I started comparing to the lightest weight and that was much faster.,"I never changed my approach after choosing to compare to the lowest, it seemed the quickest way no matter the number.",I didn't use any from the first time since it didn't seem to apply,I didn't use that because I didn't think it would help me when they were placed randomly
c2_T2J895NzG1,"I started by separating the sort and focusing on the edges and skipping some to find by approximation","I started by separating the sort and focusing on the edges and skipping some to find by approximation","I always tried to focus on the ends",Strategy 2
c2_TR05m6q1n9,I took each fruit and weighed them all until I found the smallest one and used that one to start and then found each weight going from lightest to heaviest.,I used the same approach and tried to find the lightest one first and then compared them all until I was going in what I hoped was lightest to heaviest. Once I thought I had them in the correct order I reweighed them all to determine if I had them in the right order. Often this took me a longer time and consisted in using more moves,I don't really think I used any information learned from the blue star to arrange fruits with the purple diamond. I used the same approach for trying to find the correct order for all parts.,I am not sure that I used either of these by itself but maybe more of a combination of both strategies but more so what I thought was easiest and working better for myself in arranging the fruit.
c2_dv657M12WZ,I arranged them by using the scale and arranging by increasing weights from left to right.,The same approach I went from left to right weighing each apple against the next until I made it to the end.,"I did not use the Blue star operator information with the purple diamond part, I assumed they were unrelated.",Strategy 1 I suppose but I didn't use this information in the purple diamond section.
c2_p9r8f1XG53,I DEVIDE FRUITS INTO SEVERAL GROUPS THEN COMPARE THEM WITHIN THE GROUP THEN COMPARE THE MIDDLE RANKING FRUITS GROUP TO GROUP TO COME TO THE FINAL RANKING,"I DEVIDE THEM INTO MORE GROUPS, THEN COMPARE THEM WITNIN GROUPS, THEN COMPARE TOP AND LAST OF EACH GROUP, THEN COMPARE THOSE IN THE MIDDLE TO COMPE UP WITH THE FINAL RANKING",I DIDN'T USE INFORMATION FROM THE BLUE STAR OPERATOR,"MORE LIKELY LIKE THE SECOND ONE, COMPARE THEM BY GROUPS THEN COMPARE BETWEEN GROUPS "
c2_w7ip9U3N40,"I was trying to compare all of the weights to get an idea of how to arrange them. Then I would order them accordingly, and fine tune the results. I'm not sure I did too well. ","Trying to compare as much as possible. Getting a general order, then fine tuning it. ","I really messed this one up. I tried to compare weight to arrange them. But I think I started at the wrong place each time. Had, I not, my idea would have probably worked. ",Probably strategy 2. 
c2_w8Z29F6d3o,I had no idea what I was doing.  I pretty much guessed at EVERYTHING.,I had no idea what I was doing.  I pretty much guessed at EVERYTHING.  Although I think I was getting the hang of it towards the end.,I didn't learn anything.  I was totally confused throughout the whole ordeal.  ,Strategy 1
c2_xIJu016n87,I would weigh the first two and then one by one compare the weights with others in the list.,I did it the same way except I would compare the new fruits to the middle weighing fruits and work from there.,I did not use what I learned from the Blue Operator.,I did not use Blue Star.
